During my Bachelor of Psychology, I conducted multiple research projects under different supervisors. The most notable was on the barriers to mental health support faced by refugees, a subset of people at higher risk of mental health issues due to their circumstances. Upon reading the literature, I concluded that the main causes of these barriers were financial infeasibility, a lack of awareness and stigmatization among the refugee population, who are commonly from conservative cultures. This study was a literature review focused on further understanding what we can do to help the underprivileged and provided a deep insight into the situation a lot of unfortunate people are in.

Besides that, I also conducted a literature review on epigenetic biomarkers for suicidal ideation. This study focused on identifying these biomarkers in the hopes that it would make early diagnosis and prevention both easier and more readily available. Having thoroughly reviewed the literature, I came to the conclusion that **XXXXXXXXXXXXX**.

During both research projects, I utilized the SPSS software JASP and R Studio to process any data being used, and these were instrumental in the conclusions I was able to draw in my research.
  
In line with what I have researched in the past, my passion is to work on projects that result in easier and more widespread access to mental health care, especially to the underprivileged. Specifically, I would like to further understand the barriers to treatment among those who suffer with narcotic addiction. Often stigmatized due to the unpleasant behavior and appearance caused by narcotics, it is important to understand how we can help those who are unable to help themselves.