
I submitted two applications for lecturing positions in Malaysia today on JobStreet. They both only ask for a Master's degree, and 1 years' worth of experience (if at all), so hopefully I can get a response from at least one of them. In the meantime, I'll keep applying to teaching positions (Diploma and above, of course) in the hopes I can work something out by the time I get my spouse visa.

Today was mostly a day of lazing around watching anime. I've mostly exhausted my watchlist of the good stuff, but I was still pleasantly surprised by Solo Levelling. I thought it'd be pretty bad but it was actually quite fun. With that done though, I'm back to square one of looking for a new anime I actually enjoy.

My new video about whether "Throne and Liberty" is worth playing is a bit of a stinker. It's only outperforming the one about housing locations in "Once Human", but that one had a really long lifespan and ended up performing quite well. It's doing even worse than the one on whether "Once Human" is worth playing, which was my worst performing video by a large margin until now. I did learn a few lessons about what works and doesn't, so it's not a total waste.

I think I'll try to get the section on "Inertial Sensors" done by tonight, if for nothing else but the good of doing at least a little bit every day. That said though, I'm not sure if I will actually get around to doing it or if I'll decide to just continue lazing around. Motivation is still hard to come by, but I'm working on it.


